Describe what genes are included in the reference transcriptome (#29)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/faq.md

Recent reports from others support our findings. 
[He _et al._ (2021)](https://doi.org/10.1101/2021.06.29.450377)) demonstrated that Alevin-fry can process single-cell and single-nuclei data more quickly and efficiently then other available methods, while also decreasing the false positive rate of gene detection that is commonly seen in methods that utilize transcriptome alignment.
[You _et al._ (2021)](https://doi.org/10.1101/2021.06.17.448895) and [Tian _et al._ (2019)](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41592-019-0425-8) have also noted that results from different pre-processing workflows for single-cell RNA-sequencing analysis tend to result in compatible results downstream.

#### What genes are included in the reference transcriptome? 

> The {ref}`reference transcriptome index <processing_information:reference transcriptome index>` that was used for alignment was constructed by extracting both spliced cDNA and intronic regions from the primary genome assembly ([see the code used to generate the reference transcriptome](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf/blob/5dc49ffdcdb5c74dca86b0b79878f4d060029a53/bin/make_splici_fasta.R)).

Reviewer: Using the tag we used for processing to make it easier to update this in the future if needed. 
```suggestion
The {ref}`reference transcriptome index <processing_information:reference transcriptome index>` that was used for alignment was constructed by extracting both spliced cDNA and intronic regions from the primary genome assembly ([see the code used to generate the reference transcriptome](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf/blob/v0.1.1/bin/make_splici_fasta.R)).
```

> The {ref}`reference transcriptome index <processing_information:reference transcriptome index>` that was used for alignment was constructed by extracting both spliced cDNA and intronic regions from the primary genome assembly ([see the code used to generate the reference transcriptome](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf/blob/5dc49ffdcdb5c74dca86b0b79878f4d060029a53/bin/make_splici_fasta.R)).

Reviewer: We should probably say that we are use GRCh38, ensembl database version 104. I was going to leave that out, but if we are going to give the number of genes, below, we should probably name the version here as well.

> The resulting reference transcriptome index included 60,319 genes.

Reviewer: Different wording for spice.
```suggestion
The resulting reference transcriptome index contains 60,319 genes.
```
